Hello Mr. Li
It was indeed a misunderstanding just now
I hope you have plenty
Don't be familiar with them.
I saw them at the signing ceremony.
If you make a mistake, you want to turn the page.
What are you doing?
Apologize quickly
You hit
How dare you hit me! What did I do?
I want to apologize to him.
You ruined the signing ceremony
You still don't know where you went wrong
Do you have to bring our company down?
Mr. Li actually wants to protect this caste
Mr. Li
It was my sister who just tore up the contract with her death
Mom said a few words to him anxiously together
Yes, Mr. Lin
Not only that, he also posed as the temporary group representative
I am also doing this for the face of the temporary group.
Yeah, so I have to thank you for that.
That's not what I meant.
Mom, it's not your turn to teach you a lesson
Since the Bai family has this attitude
So that's it for today's signing ceremony
You all shut up
Quickly kneel down and apologize to Ouyang
Kneel down, you asked me to kneel down and apologize to him
Let me tell you something.
If you don't kneel down now and apologize to me
I will divorce you
kneel down
I was wrong just now
I'm sorry, I said the rules, I was wrong.